ASSIGNMENT:CSS

1. Explain the basic rules of CSS specificity

CSS Specificity is the set of the rules applied to CSS selectors in order to determine which style
is applied to an element.If there are two or more conflicting CSS rules that point to the same element,
the browser follows some rules to determine which one is most specific and therefore wins out.

2. Explain the three main ways to CSS sytle to a website.

The three main ways are;
a). External Styles:
 External CSS contains separate CSS file which contains only style property with the help of tag 
 attributes (For example class, id, heading, … etc). CSS property written in a separate file with .css extension and 
 should be linked to the HTML document using link tag. This means that for each element, style can be set only once and 
 that will be applied across web pages. this is done using a <link> element  


b). Internal Styles: 
 This can be used when a single HTML document must be styled uniquely. The CSS rule set should be within the HTML 
 file in the head section i.e the CSS is embedded within the HTML file. 
 It requires you to add <style> tag in the <head> section of your HTML document.

c).Inline Sytles:
 Inline CSS contains the CSS property in the body section attached with element is known as inline CSS. 
 This kind of style is specified within an HTML tag using the style attribute.
 Inline CSS is used to style a specific HTML element. For this CSS style, you’ll only need to add the style attribute 
 to each HTML tag, without using selectors.


3.Explain the three ways to target an element.

  The three ways to target an HTML element using CSS are:

  Type Selector:A type selector matches the name of a document language element type.
  A type selector matches every instance of the element type in the document tree. Styles are specified only once 
  for an HTML element and are applied to all the occurrences of that element


  ID Selector:The id selector uses the id attribute of an HTML element to select a specific element.
  The id of an element is unique within a page, so the id selector is used to select one unique element!
  To select an element with a specific id, write a hash (#) character, followed by the id of the element.

  Class Selecor:The class selector selects HTML elements with a specific class attribute.To select elements with 
  a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the class name.	
 